for the solution, please ONLY JAVA，
for any questions, please contact with this email

You may not use any external libraries to solve this problem, but you may use Groovy and external libraries or tools for building or testing purposes. Specifically, you may use unit testing libraries or build tools available for your chosen language  Maven Junit 
Also please following OO design principle and design is one of the most important things to be measured 
There must be a way to supply the application with the input data via text file. The application must run. You should provide sufficient evidence that your solution is complete by, as a minimum, indicating that it works correctly against the supplied test data. Please note that you will be assessed on your judgment as well as your execution. Please also include a brief explanation of your design and assumptions along with your code.

it's better to submit via github but not compulsory.
solution can be sent as a zip file to this email


A group of members are using Fitbits to train on a soccer pitch with a fitness coach. 
At the start of their session the trainees must navigate the pitch to calibrate their Fitbits.
A trainee’s position and location is represented by a combination of x and y co-ordinates and a letter representing
 one of the four cardinal compass points.
 The pitch is divided up into a grid to simplify orientation. An example position might be 0, 0, N,
  which means the trainee is in the bottom left corner and facing North.
In order to calibrate the Fitbits the fitness coach gets the trainees 
to move to various locations on the pitch using a simple string of letters. The possible letters are 'L', 'R' and 'M'. 'L' and 'R' tells the trainee to turn 90 degrees left or right respectively, without moving from their current spot. 'M' means move forward one grid position, and maintain the same heading.
Assume that directly North from (x, y) is (x, y+1).

INPUT:
The first line of input is the upper-right coordinates of the pitch, the lower-left coordinates are assumed to be 0,0.
The rest of the input is information pertaining to the trainees that are on the pitch. Each trainee has two lines of input from the coach. The first line gives the trainee’s position, and the second line is a series of instructions telling the trainee how to move on the pitch.
The position is made up of two integers and a letter separated by spaces, corresponding to the x and y co-ordinates and the trainee’s orientation.
Each trainee will be finished sequentially, which means that the second trainee won't start to move until the first one has finished the calibration.

OUTPUT
The output for each trainee should be their final co-ordinates and heading. 

INPUT AND OUTPUT

Test Input:
5 5
1 2 N
LMLMLMLMM
3 3 E
MMRMMRMRRM

Expected Output:
1 3 N 123
5 1 E


